This king's wife is not something anyone can beat.
So I want to resist the order of the Ai family.
I dare not.
I just don’t know why the Queen Mother wants to beat Mrs. Chen.
That whole person is a dead man.
Also men. It turns out that the man you said is Raven.
That's not what I meant.
It means I can't understand.
We, as husband and wife, spend time in one hotel, or in two rooms as husband and wife.
Why is it a matter of life and death?
That's not what I meant. What do you mean?
Queen Mother, you must be calm and clear-minded.
The luck order allows him to persecute people, and men die in the same hall.
Please check carefully
There must be another man
do you mean
This king will do anything for the woman who fails to live up to his expectations
Are you listening to his lies?
That's not what I meant
It turned out to be a misunderstanding
After Qincheng
something like this
I need to find out more about it. Let's go.
The second brother and second sister-in-law of the Empress Dowager of the Song Dynasty
I have to rush back before my mother returns.
Otherwise it will be another bloody rain
Rush back to the two markets
I will never let her go